This is the transcribed inbox operations. After you transcribed the texts, paste the transcribed contents by creating “to dos.” Please be careful not to use the Discussion Parts but you should make it as a “To do.” In the transcribed Inbox parts, you can find add it as a To Do button and name (inaudible word) and in command part you should make one part you should make one “To Do” and assign it to the directors so they can see and follow up all and track the “to dos.” The Discussion part data is fast flowing and directors will not be able to follow but in To Do, the data remain until completed.

Audio recording 2015-08-29 23-08-40.aac
This is a trial test for you and it is about job posting. We do the micro kind of job tasks it is like a 25 USD and a fixed job posted and smaller to do’s in the job posting and who ever first comes to propose, and make it in the few hours then, we will make job posting then integrate it in our course. For example if you are developing Ruby on Rails course, we use the get half. We invite and make a brunch and assign it to him and he give it some course and give it to us and we integrate and match and that kind of process is done. Maybe it is a little bit bigger for Rails' case but for smaller tasks like HTML modification or a such, we pick three tasks and then make the job posting.

But before that, the developers need more information. 

The benefits of the micro tasks is that we can do parallels and make the development faster. Like if you have 100 parallels, you can make 100 times faster, a logical discussion although not actual. For doing that, we have come up with micro tasks and micro job postings and it’s done it that way in order to execute tasks, you need information, we say contexts, background information. Usually we want to make some micro tasks which does not require contexts. We cut smaller tasks for example, if you look at the Facebook page project to use, you will find smaller tasks. Some are easier to understand even you don’t know the application. 

Take Twitter for example before it was developed, nobody knows Twitter. We have similar concept like Twitter for real time chatting on the websites, it is complicated. If you look at the log in page of the Twitter, then this page does not need some information because people know how log in works, two text the box, user log in and a password and then click and it does validation. This is microtasking and this kind of microtasking should be done, but still need to give information to their site. So arranging that, adding information gathered,  and making job posting, edit page and texts and a post it to the site. The posting will be done by a hiring manager who also do this kind of task but we also need a technical person’s help because they can’t understand what’s the task really, they are simply copying and pasting but you do understand the task. So this task is like dividing the tasks into a doable format, smaller pieces or arranging information in a packing like a specification built for a task. This is the microtasking work description.
